Hello everyone, reality check
Once upon a time there was a gamer image
closed hermit forced
look for virtual communication in order
to integrate into society and find in it
its place and even more so not sure
that everyone knows the stereotype at the hands of that for
fans of online games virtual and
become analog or even substitutes
communicating in the real world and that in
online games people are not capable
adapt to reality is easier
interact with others without all
of the difficulties and contradictions of the real
the world we are people playing games not
hearsay know why we say it
completely wrong but unfortunately this
the stereotype is still preserved in
certain circles
well fortunately we now have
reliably and scientific evidence which
can show these people to dispel
this myth is once and for all this issue
reality checks is dedicated exactly
to this
social manifestations of hobbies for games
studying online games in clinical
conditions this is the name of the study
conducted by university researchers
north carolina state article
published in the journal my computer
children . I am Nikishin researchers
reported that my holes can complement
and even improve public life
gamers and not overwhelm and and
according to lead author Dr. Nick
taylor gamers are not social types
living in basements which shows them
pop culture they are extremely sociable
hermit people are more likely exceptions
they are the norm and so how did they support it
what did the researchers analyzed
behavior in thousands of players in online games
especially those who play mom like
world of warcraft or
iv online they visited a huge
number of gaming events in canada
and britain including small network
meetings fan conventions
Internet cafes and pub games
parallel with these serious
observations and interviews
researchers spent one less
large-scale but more detailed survey 378
gamers to learn how they communicate with
other people their goal was to compare
online and offline gamer behavior
to understand how they interact
each other much to their surprise
gathering of all events
games were only one aspect
social interaction and again
quote Dr. taylor we found
what gamers are showing at the same time
many types of social behavior
they are watching the game talking
drink and chat online
so although some species studied
stops where gamers were going to such
as an internet cafe with booths for one
human and interfered with communication they
other species were in the minority
such as network meetings or
network parties gaming conventions and
Pub meetings
complemented or strengthened social
interconnection and
as emphasized in the study
network meetings were most often held
romantic people friends
relationships were guild members for
most of them are the reasons for visiting them
there was a desire to participate in online
And offline communication is clear that this
did not depend on what and
players won and not even dependent on
as they behaved during the
There is if in the game their behavior was
extremely hostile then to real life
she was not tolerated player can be
incredibly cruel in the game and still
normal offline communication is great
linked to other things about which
reported by researchers
moreover, they claim that all that
going to mom
can not be considered an analogue of what
happens in real life they state
that we should not think that the players
are either here in the real world
either there in the online world we have to think
that they combine both essentially
do not forget that I will repeat again
the vast majority of people playing
in online games
a sense of reality remains however
one thing that Dr. Taylor didn't know
and the rest of the team is
what this research focuses on
western community alone
differences and, accordingly, other
results could be detected if
I would be re-conducted study
in other gaming cultures this is exactly
they are planning to do well in the future
what conclusions did you draw about it
study write in the comments under
video as well as if you want to read
full article
go to the author's blog at the link in
description there already if you want
watch it on youtube and link too
is in the description in the last issue
reality checks I asked
suggest me possible topics for the future
and i got a ton of great options
especially on twitter user levi
smith suggested so you should do
the issue of batman and whether it is possible
gadgets in reality get ready
find out this bill hudson asked what
causes during the game in civilization
situation one more move and more suggestions
make release accounts as a string or in
hello or in any other
sci-fi huge thing
thank you people for all these ideas
i added them all my thanks list for
viewing
translated and voiced by the x delay command
put your fingers up and subscribe to
our channels on youtube twitter and public
in contact with